[TT-505] Handle external contribution (#433)
airtasker/spot: .github/pull_request_template.md

## Description, Motivation and Context

- Why is this change required?
- What does it do?

## Checklist:

- [] I've added/updated tests to cover my changes
- [] I've created an issue associated with this PR

> - [] I've added/updated types

Author: useless - meant typescript types definitions. Will remove. I don't think this adds much value.

## Description, Motivation and Context

- Why is this change required?
- What does it do?

## Checklist:

- [] I've added/updated tests to cover my changes

> - [] I've created an issue associated with this PR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [] I have created an issue associated with this PR
```

Reviewer: How about also:
```suggestion
- [] I have created an issue associated with this PR
- [] I have updated the documentation as required
```
